vote-3.txt: 16 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 7 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 1 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 4 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 4 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 10 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 15 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 6 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 11 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 14 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 7 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 3 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 11 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 9 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 10 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 1 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 16 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 29 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 3 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 12 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 20 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 1 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 55 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 1 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 6 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 6 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 9 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 8 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 10 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 3 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 8 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 2 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 11 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 2 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 3 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 3 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 10 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 3 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 18 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 38 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 4 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 6 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 6 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 29 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 20 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 5 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 9 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 3 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 5 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 7 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 3 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 11 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 1 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 0 votes for Biden and 6 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 4 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 13 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump

Election counting is finished!
Final: 306 vote(s) for Biden and 232 vote(s) for Trump
