vote-1.txt: 1 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 16 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 7 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 1 votes for Biden and 15 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 20 votes for Biden and 0 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 7 votes for Biden and 4 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 20 votes for Biden and 11 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 1 votes for Biden and 22 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 31 votes for Biden and 11 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 7 votes for Biden and 14 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 47 votes for Biden and 11 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 11 votes for Biden and 22 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 67 votes for Biden and 11 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 13 votes for Biden and 14 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 67 votes for Biden and 17 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 14 votes for Biden and 22 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 77 votes for Biden and 17 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 27 votes for Biden and 14 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 88 votes for Biden and 17 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 69 votes for Biden and 22 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 98 votes for Biden and 17 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 27 votes for Biden and 17 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 98 votes for Biden and 55 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 78 votes for Biden and 22 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 98 votes for Biden and 61 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 27 votes for Biden and 26 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 98 votes for Biden and 90 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 78 votes for Biden and 30 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 98 votes for Biden and 95 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 27 votes for Biden and 27 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 98 votes for Biden and 98 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 78 votes for Biden and 33 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 105 votes for Biden and 98 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 56 votes for Biden and 27 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 105 votes for Biden and 109 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 78 votes for Biden and 51 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 105 votes for Biden and 115 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 68 votes for Biden and 27 votes for Trump
vote-3.txt: 118 votes for Biden and 115 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 82 votes for Biden and 51 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 68 votes for Biden and 28 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 82 votes for Biden and 57 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 68 votes for Biden and 29 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 102 votes for Biden and 57 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 68 votes for Biden and 35 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 102 votes for Biden and 66 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 68 votes for Biden and 43 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 107 votes for Biden and 66 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 68 votes for Biden and 46 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 107 votes for Biden and 69 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 70 votes for Biden and 46 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 108 votes for Biden and 69 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 70 votes for Biden and 48 votes for Trump
vote-1.txt: 112 votes for Biden and 69 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 73 votes for Biden and 48 votes for Trump
vote-2.txt: 76 votes for Biden and 48 votes for Trump
Election counting is finished!
Final: 306 vote(s) for Biden and 232 vote(s) for Trump
